1. Project name
BingoTime - aelf's First BingoGame Public using aelf’s new AEUSD stablecoin to win prizes!
2. Project Description
aelf’s AEUSD stablecoin is now available on the Iris Testnet, and the BingoGameDemo is based on it. The 2nd BingoGame Demo trial will be opened for all aelf users. There are only 40 places available for IOS on a first come, first served basis (Due to the limited number of UDID). Android is unlimited.

※ Product introduction
The Bingo Game is a blockchain based betting minigame. Users bet any token amount according to pre-specified rules, and a random winning number will be generated on the blockchain awarding prizes to any user that has it selected.

Compared with traditional betting games, BingoGame has significant innovations in data connections and is played online with a random number blockchain system. It provides users with an interactive and entertaining experience.

The most important feature of the BingoGame is that it can generate random numbers in the range of 0 - 255 by using the data fragment generated by participants' bets as the seed number and the calculated block height corresponding to the transaction hash. The data link ensures that data can be traced and verified, thus ensuring an open and transparent game while also maintaining the reliability of more traditional games.

Bingo Game Demo is one application for the blockchain random number technology introduced by aelf. In addition, blockchain random number technology can also be applied to any other type of lottery system. This technology eliminates the hidden risks in traditional centralized applications such as verification failure, trace failure, and random number generation manipulation. The AEUSD stablecoin will be used in this trial event.
 
※ Game Rules
The Bingogame uses blockchain smart contracts to take data fragments generated by participants’ bets as a seed number, calculated together with the blockheight that corresponds to the transaction hash — it then generates a random number between 0 and 255. The interface displays three groups: Big, Medium and Small. 0–126 fall within the small group, 127 and 128 fall within the medium group and 129–255 fall within the large group.
Rules:
Players can select the big or small group.
If the drawn number falls within your selected group, you can will double your bet. If the drawn number falls outside of your selected group, you will lose your bet. When the drawn number falls within the ‘medium’ group, the contract wins and all users lose their bet.
No more than 30 bets may be placed at one time.
Steps:
 Player chooses select the big or small group, and places their bet amount AEUSD (bet amount minimum value is 0.001).
After 1 minute and the winning number will be drawn automatically.
Players can view the most recent 50 bets from the “My BET” section.
 
※ Participation Requirements
Open to all users
Support for IOS / Android
There are only 40 places available for IOS on a first come, first served basis (Due to the limited number of UDID). Android is unlimited.


※ Preparations
Complete the following 2 steps to start your journey:
 
Download the BingoGame Demo
IOS download:http://d.6short.com/iosaelfbingodemo
Note:
If you have previously submitted UDID can log in directly using the QR code and account management demo password.

If you have NEVER submitted their UDID, click the link below to get the UDID and fill out the form. You will not be able to download and install the bingo game demo before the team have configured your UDID. (Due to the limited number of UDID, there are only 40 places available on IOS.)
Find your UDID:http://www.pgyer.com/tools/udid（ Open with Safari）
Submit your UDID: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1l781AijycbuRW_bzaaZS9foOew12w8XlhaV6V4R5uvg/edit
Android download: http://d.6short.com/anaelfbingodemo 
(Android users can download the Bingo game demo without submitting a UDID)
 
Collect AEUSD Test stablecoin, and start your experience
Submit your BingoGame account address, We will send you aelf test stablecoins (AEUSD, 1000 AEUSD / person). Users who have participated in the 1st trial will need to re-register and submit a new address.
Submit your account address and collect the stablecoin: 
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1pStyapArb7D3CZcWmejUxdeL-eggY6PB2W-gaxrF8q8/edit 

Note: If you have a Telegram account, please join in aelf testing group https://t.me/aelftesting

Awards
 
※ Collect Prizes 

LUCKY PRIZE
1st: 688 ELF
2nd: 288 ELF
3rd: 188 ELF
4th: 88 ELF
5th: 66 ELF
 
Each participant will receive 1000 AEUSD test stablecoins, and the top 5 players with the most AEUSD during the bingogame trial will receive this prize. The ranking will be sorted by the total amount of AEUSD in the user's personal account, whoever exceed the initial amount will have the opportunity to enter this ranking. The final balance of the account will be the basis for the award evaluation. If someone transfers AEUSD privately, he/she will be disqualified.

2. Lucky block Award
28 ELF - 88 ELF * 18

Every time you bet, you get a transaction record. You can use your personal account address to search for transaction information in the aelf testnet block explorer. You can find the corresponding block height from each trade information, if the corresponding blockheight tail number is 88, 888, 8888, then congratulations, you are the winner.
Blockheight Tail Number
Prizes
Number of winners
88
28 ELF
Top 10
888
66 ELF
Top 5
8888
88 ELF
Top 3
 
3. Divide the Prize Pool

When the activity starts, there will be 55,000 AEUSD in the prize pool. If all participants ran out of AEUSD in the prize pool before the trial deadline (the balance is 0), they will share the 5000 ELF prize.

Prizes for each person = 5000 ELF / Number of participants.
If this award is triggered before the deadline, the award will be distributed within 2 working days after the end of the event.

4. FEEDBACK PRIZE
52 ELF - 388 ELF
Users must submit the feedback form before the deadline. The awarded amount is assessed by the aelf team based on the quality of the feedback.

Note: Whether you will be rewarded will be based on the order in which you submit the registration form. Limited places are available on a first-come, first-served basis. The winners must submit the following form before July 15 (including account address and the proof of winning blockheight tail number). If you have any questions or suggestions, please also submit the feedback form to let us know.
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Wwq6Sjuc-gib22qVk8iim9MC_ttWXD8NoVWY-FTsjn8/edit?usp=sharing
 
※Time: Limited to 7 days, event deadline: On July 15. 
4. Development Roadmap
Here's schedule for the 2nd BingoGame Demo trial:
July 8th, 2020 20:00
Collect users’ UDID and account addresses, issuing AEUSD test stablecoin to participants.
 
July 8th 2020 - July 15th 2020 12:00 
Users start their BingoGame and submit feedback.
 
July 15th 2020 - July 17th 2020
At the end of the event, the award amount is assessed by the aelf team based on the quality of the feedback.
 
 
5. Additional Information
 
If you have any problem during the event, please contact our community administrator.

※ Chinese community：
Telegram: https://t.me/aelf_chs
Admin Contact Info: 1373175449
WeChat account: zhizunxiaobao617
 
※ Telegram Community：
Main Community (English)：https://t.me/aelfblockchain
Developer Community: https://t.me/aelfdeveloper
Contact administrator: Itsu Ace（@Itsu_Ace)
 
Note: In the event of a breach of the rules, the DAO management committee will retain the right of the final ruling.
