1. Project name

BingoTime - Play our BingoGame Demo using aelf’s new AEUSD stablecoin to win prizes!

2. Project Description

aelf’s AEUSD stablecoin is now available on the Iris Testnet, and the BingoGameDemo is based on it. A two phase event will run to finetune certain aspects of the blockchain random number technology designed by aelf while testing the capabilities of the AEUSD stablecoin.

※ Product introduction
The Bingo Game is a blockchain based betting minigame. Users bet any token amount according to pre-specified rules, and a random winning number will be generated on the blockchain awarding prizes to any user that has it selected.

Compared with traditional betting games, BingoGame has significant innovations in data connections and is played online with a random number blockchain system. It provides users with an interactive and entertaining experience.

The most important feature of the BingoGame is that it can generate random numbers in the range of 0 - 255 by using the data fragment generated by participants' bets as the seed number and the calculated block height corresponding to the transaction hash. The data link ensures that data can be traced and verified, thus ensuring an open and transparent game while also maintaining the reliability of more traditional games.

Bingo Game Demo is one application for the blockchain random number technology introduced by aelf. In addition, blockchain random number technology can also be applied to any other type of lottery system. This technology eliminates the hidden risks in traditional centralized applications such as verification failure, trace failure, and random number generation manipulation. The AEUSD stablecoin will be used in this trial event.

※ Game Rules

Rules:
The current block height and users's seed will be used to calculate a random number between [0, 255]. And we will get small, middle, big.
1. You can bet small and big.
2. Contract always win when get middle.
3. No more than 30 bets in a time.
Game Operations
1. Select a bet type and bet your AEUSD.
2. Waiting a minute, then draw the prize aotumaticy.
3. You can get the last 50 history from My Bet in the upper left corner.

 
※ Participation Requirements
Only members of the saelf governed community can participate in phase 1.
IOS/Android devices are supported
 
※ Preparations
Complete the following 2 steps to start your journey:
 
Download the BingoGame Demo
IOS download:http://d.6short.com/iosaelfbingodemo
Note:
If you have previously submitted UDID can log in directly using the QR code and account management demo password.

If you have NEVER submitted UDID, click the link below to get the UDID and fill out the form. You will not be able to download and install the bingo game demo before the team have configured your UDID, we'll keep you updated within the group)

Find your UDID:http://www.pgyer.com/tools/udid（ Open with Safari）

Submit your UDID: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1l781AijycbuRW_bzaaZS9foOew12w8XlhaV6V4R5uvg/edit
Android download: http://d.6short.com/anaelfbingodemo 
(Android users can download the Bingo game demo without submitting a UDID)
 
Collect AEUSD Test stablecoin, and start your experience
Submit your BingoGame account address, We will send you aelf test stablecoins (AEUSD).
Submit your account address and collect the stablecoin: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1pStyapArb7D3CZcWmejUxdeL-eggY6PB2W-gaxrF8q8/edit
Submit your feedback and suggestions: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1pvlQG_xRULY6gk2fAABgR9tOW_WOqL-LdZ3uPURWctM/edit

 
3. Awards
 
LUCKY PRIZE
1st: 288 ELF
2nd: 188ELF
3rd: 88 ELF
 
Each participant will receive 1000 AEUSD test stablecoin. After four days of experience, the top 3 players with the most AEUSD will receive this prize.

Users will be asked to fill out a feedback form and upload a screenshot of the balance before the deadline. The award will be judged on the balance of the final account.

FEEDBACK PRIZE
52 ELF - 388 ELF

Users must submit the feedback form before the deadline. The awarded amount is assessed by the aelf team based on the quality of the feedback.

Feedback Form 
https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1pvlQG_xRULY6gk2fAABgR9tOW_WOqL-LdZ3uPURWctM/edit

* Time: Limited to 5 days, event deadline: On June 23.

 
4. Development Roadmap

Here's schedule for the BingoGame Demo:

June 18th, 2020 20:00
Collect users’ UDID and account addresses in the saelf governed community, issuing AEUSD test stablecoin to participants.
June 19th, 2020 - June 23rd, 2020 12:00 
Users start their BingoGame and submit feedback.
June 23rd, 2020 - June 24th, 2020
At the end of the event, the award amount is assessed by the aelf team based on the quality of the feedback.
 
 
5. Additional Information

To try out the BingoGame Demo on aelf's newest test stablecoin, AEUSD, you can join the saelf governed community.

If you have any problem during the event, please contact our community administrator.

※ Chinese community：
Telegram: https://t.me/aelf_chs
Admin Contact Info: 1373175449
WeChat account: zhizunxiaobao617
 
※ Telegram Community：
Main Community (English)：https://t.me/aelfblockchain
Developer Community: https://t.me/aelfdeveloper
Contact administrator：Doris Guo (@dorisYG)
 
Note: In the event of a breach of the rules, the DAO management committee will retain the right of the final ruling.
