Project name
Project Description
Please provide the following:

A brief description of the project.
An indication of why this project is good for the ecosystem.
An indication of how you will integrate this project into aelf.
Awards
50K ELF
Code Repos
https://github.com/<your_repo_1>

Team Requirements
This section should describe the development team you need, including team size, experience, development time, etc.

Development Roadmap
This section should break out the development roadmap into a number of phases. Since the phases will appear in the grant contract, it helps to have as much detail as possible. Whenever phases are delivered, we refer to the contract to ensure that everything has been delivered as expected.

Below we provide an example roadmap. That teams structure their roadmap as 1 month = 1 phase. It is always best to describe the functionality we should expect, plus how we can check that such functionality exists in the product.

For each phase:

Please be sure to include a specification of the software. The level of detail must be enough so that we are able to test that the software meets the specification.
Please include total amount of funding requested per phase. Please reach out to contact@aelf.io to discuss what amount would be appropriate for your project.
Please note that we require documentation (e.g. tutorials) in each phase This ensures that the code can be widely used by the community.
Please indicate the number of Full-Time Employees working on each phase, and include the number of days along with their cost per day.
Phase 1 — 2020.03.01-2020.03.15 — 10k ELF
We will create a module that will... (Please list the functions that will be coded for the first milestone).
We will deliver a working module, along with a simple tutorial that explains how a user work.
The code will have proper unit-test coverage to ensure functionality and robustness.
We will provide both inline documentation of the code and a basic tutorial describing how the software can be used and tested.
Phase 2 — 2020.03.16-2020.03.31 — 20k ELF
We will create a module that will... (Please list the functions that will be coded for the second milestone).
We will deliver a working module, along with a simple tutorial that explains how a user work.
The code will have proper unit-test coverage to ensure functionality and robustness.
We will provide both inline documentation of the code and a basic tutorial describing how the software can be used and tested.
Phase 3 — 2020.04.01-2020.04.15 — 20k ELF
We will create a module that will... (Please list the functions that will be coded for the third milestone).
We will deliver a working module, along with a simple tutorial that explains how a user work.
The code will have proper unit-test coverage to ensure functionality and robustness.
We will provide both inline documentation of the code and a basic tutorial describing how the software can be used and tested.
Additional Information
Any additional information that you think is relevant to this application that hasn't already been included.
